apothecary
barber
blacksmith
bookbinder
breechesmaker
brickmaker
cabinetmaker
carpenter
chandler
coachmaker
cooper
cutler
farrier
goldsmith
gunsmith
hatter
leather
dresser
mantuamaker
milliner
music teacher
printer
ropemaker
saddler
shoemaker
silversmith
tavern
keeper
weaver
wheelwright
wigmaker
whitesmith
account collector
accounting specialist
adjustment clerk
administrative assistant
administrative law judge
admiralty lawyer
agricultural engineer
agricultural inspector
agricultural technician
air crew member
air crew officer
air traffic controller
aircraft assembler
aircraft examiner
aircraft mechanic
airline flight attendant
airport administrator
airport design engineer
animal breeder
animal control worker
animal kennel supervisor
animal scientist
animal trainer
animation cartoonist
appeals referee
aquarium curator
architecture professor
art appraiser
art director
art restorer
art therapist
athletic coach
athletic director
athletic trainer
atm machine servicer
automobile mechanic
automotive body repairer
automotive engineer
avionics technician
ballistics expert
bank examiner
bank teller
benefits manager
bicycle mechanic
billing specialist
bindery machine tender
biological technician
biology professor
biomedical engineer
boat builder
book editor
border patrol agent
brattice builder
broadcast news analyst
broadcast technician
brokerage clerk
budget accountant
budget analyst
building inspector
business professor
cabinet maker
camp director
caption writer
career counselor
carpenter's assistant
carpet installer
cartographic technician
casino cage worker
casino cashier
casino dealer
casino floor person
casino manager
casting director
catering administrator
ceiling tile installer
cement mason
ceramic engineer
chemical engineer
chemical plant operator
chemistry professor
chief financial officer
child care worker
child life specialist
city planning aide
civil drafter
civil engineer
clinical dietitian
clinical psychologist
clinical sociologist
commercial designer
commercial diver
commercial fisherman
communications professor
community health nurse
community welfare worker
compensation specialist
compliance officer
computer programmer
congressional aide
conservation scientist
construction driller
construction laborer
construction manager
contract administrator
contract specialist
copy writer
corporation lawyer
correction officer
correspondence clerk
cost accountant
cost analysis engineer
cost estimator
costume attendant
counseling psychologist
court administrator
court clerk
court reporter
craft artist
crane operator
credit adjuster
credit analyst
credit reporter
criminal lawyer
crop workers supervisor
crossing guard
custom tailor
customs inspector
dairy technologist
database administrator
deaf students teacher
delivery driver
dental assistant
dental hygienist
die cutter operator
dietetic technician
disk jockey
dry wall installer
economics professor
education professor
educational psychologist
educational therapist
electric meter installer
electric motor mechanic
electrical drafter
electrical technician
electronic drafter
electronics engineer
electronics technician
elevator mechanic
employment administrator
employment interviewer
engineering professor
environmental engineer
environmental planner
environmental technician
excavating supervisor
executive secretary
exercise physiologist
exhibit artist
exhibit designer
explosives worker
export agent
facilities planner
factory layout engineer
family caseworker
farm equipment mechanic
farm hand
farm labor contractor
farm manager
fashion artist
fashion coordinator
fashion designer
fashion model
fence installer
field contractor
field health officer
file clerk
film editor
finance manager
financial aid counselor
financial analyst
financial examiner
financial planner
fine artist
fire inspector
fire investigator
fire prevention engineer
fire protection engineer
fish hatchery specialist
fitness trainer
floral designer
food batchmaker
food preparation worker
food technologist
foreign exchange trader
foreign language teacher
foreign service officer
foreign student adviser
forensics psychologist
forest engineer
forest fire inspector
forging machine operator
fraud investigator
fund raiser
funeral attendant
funeral director
furniture designer
game runner
gas plant operator
geography professor
glass blower
graphic designer
hand sewer
harbor master
hardwood floor finisher
health case manager
health psychologist
hearing officer
heavy equipment mechanic
high school teacher
highway patrol pilot
historical archivist
history professor
home appliance installer
home appliance repairer
home economics teacher
home economist
home health aide
home health technician
horticulture therapist
hospital administrator
hospital nurse
hotel manager
hydraulic engineer
immigration inspector
industrial arts teacher
industrial designer
industrial engineer
industrial hygienist
industrial therapist
instrument technician
insulation installer
insurance adjuster
insurance agent
insurance claim examiner
insurance estate planner
insurance lawyer
insurance underwriter
interior designer
internal auditor
irrigation engineer
job analyst
kindergarten teacher
labor relations advisor
laboratory tester
land surveyor
landscape architect
landscape contractor
lathe operator
law professor
legal assistant
legal secretary
legislative assistant
library assistant
library consultant
library technician
license clerk
loan counselor
loan officer
logging tractor operator
mail clerk
maintenance supervisor
manual arts therapist
mapping technician
marine architect
marine cargo surveyor
marine drafter
marine engineer
marine surveyor
market research analyst
marking clerk
massage therapist
materials engineer
materials inspector
materials scientist
math professor
mathematical technician
mechanical drafter
mechanical engineer
mechanical inspector
medical assistant
medical photographer
medical secretary
medical technologist
medical transcriptionist
mental health counselor
merchandise displayer
metal fabricator
meter mechanic
middle school teacher
military analyst
military officer
mill worker
mine inspector
mining engineer
mining machine operator
model maker
motion picture director
motor vehicle inspector
motorboat mechanic
motorcycle mechanic
museum curator
music director
music teacher
music therapist
musical instrument tuner
newspaper editor
nuclear engineer
nurse practitioner
nurse's aide
nursing professor
occupational analyst
occupational therapist
oceanographic assistant
office clerk
office machine mechanic
office supervisor
order clerk
orthodontic assistant
overhead door installer
package designer
park naturalist
parking lot attendant
parole officer
parts salesperson
patent agent
patent lawyer
pediatric dentist
personnel administrator
personnel assistant
personnel recruiter
petroleum engineer
petroleum geologist
petroleum technician
pharmacy technician
photo-optics technician
photogrammetric engineer
physical therapist
physician's office nurse
physics professor
plant breeder
plastic surgeon
police artist
police officer
political scientist
preschool administrator
preschool teacher
private nurse
probate lawyer
probation officer
product planner
product safety engineer
production planner
property accountant
property assessor
prosthetic technician
psychiatric aide
psychiatric technician
psychology professor
public relations manager
publications editor
purchasing agent
purchasing manager
quality control engineer
quarry worker
radiologic technologist
railroad engineer
railroad inspector
range manager
real estate appraiser
real estate assessor
real estate broker
real estate lawyer
recreation leader
recreational therapist
registrar administrator
reliability engineer
reservation ticket agent
residence counselor
resource teacher
respiratory therapist
restaurant manager
retail buyer
retail store manager
safety inspector
sales promoter
sanitary engineer
sawing machine operator
school nurse
school plant consultant
school psychologist
scientific linguist
scientific photographer
screen writer
script editor
securities broker
security guard
set designer
set illustrator
ship master
ship mate
ship pilot
social psychologist
social service volunteer
social work professor
social worker
sociology professor
soil conservationist
soil engineer
soil scientist
speech pathologist
speech writer
sport psychologist
sports agent
stained glass artist
standards engineer
stress analyst engineer
structural drafter
structural engineer
switchboard operator
systems accountant
tax accountant
tax auditor
tax collector
tax examiner
tax lawyer
tax preparer
teachers aide
technical illustrator
textile designer
title examiner
tour guide
town clerk
traffic agent
travel agent
travel counselor
ultrasound technologist
unemployment inspector
utility meter reader
vending machine mechanic
veterinarian technician
veterinary assistant
video engineer
voice pathologist
warehouse stock clerk
weather observer
web art director
wildlife biologist
wildlife control agent
zoo veterinarian
zoologist